README.md, before:

# Simple Simulation (for RoboRTS)
This is simply a skeleton project for multiple robot simulation. 
Currently the code is written *very* badly, with little documentation and much repetitions. 
Please improve the code quality and add more features.

## Run
* Put the package under the same `src` directory as `RoboRTS-v2` and `gazebo_temp` repositories.
* build the project
* open *four* terminals and run `source devel/setup.bash` for each of them
* at terminal1, run
```bash
roslaunch roborts_bringup multibots_sim.launch
```
* at terminal2, run
```bash
export ROS_NAMESPACE='/r1'
rosrun roborts_decision behavior_test_node
```
* at terminal3, run
```bash
 rosrun roborts_sim sim_node 
```
Note that terminal3 must *not* define ROS_NAMESPACE
* at terminal4, run
```bash
rosrun roborts_sim sim_cmd_node
```

Terminal1 takes care of launching of most of the nodes, including gazebo environment and navigation stacks.
Terminal2 brings up the decision node: currently only patrol mode is tested
Terminal3 starts the simulation node, which can take shooting command and keep track of hit points or ammunition. 
Terminal4 is supposed to be a weaponry system, equipped with commands issued by decision nodes. The current bare-bone version loops the shooting command to robot 2 on behalf of robot 1. As such, we disabled the ammo count and robot 1 effectively has infinite ammunition, for test purpose.

Also, when run rviz from r1's point of view, we can find a blue ray emanating from r1 toward r2 that indicates r1's line of sight (LOS).
When the r1's LOS is blocked by wall, the shooting will fail to deal damage.

## TODO
* add more functionality
* fix the issue that bullet will shoot through other robots
* integrate armor detection node, which works in simulation now ( thanks Guang)
* check the comments to say some codes that can be improved

Commit message:

fixed typo and added some comments about simulation logic

README.md, after:

# Simple Simulation (for RoboRTS)
This is simply a skeleton project for multiple robot simulation. 
Currently the code is written *very* badly, with little documentation and much repetitions. 
Please improve the code quality and add more features.

Note that since Daniel kindly added the function to generate messages within the package, we need to run message generation first to create the corresponding header files.
At the workspace directory, run the following:
```bash
catkin_make roborts_sim_generate_messages
catkin_make sim_node
catkin_make sim_cmd_node
```
This will build all the necessary executables of simulation package.
## Run
* Put the package under the same `src` directory as `RoboRTS-v2` and `gazebo_temp` repositories.
* build the project
* open *four* terminals and run `source devel/setup.bash` for each of them
* at terminal1, run
```bash
roslaunch roborts_bringup multibots_sim.launch
```
* at terminal2, run
```bash
export ROS_NAMESPACE='/r1'
rosrun roborts_decision behavior_test_node
```
* at terminal3, run
```bash
 rosrun roborts_sim sim_node 
```
Note that terminal3 must *not* define ROS_NAMESPACE
* at terminal4, run
```bash
rosrun roborts_sim sim_cmd_node
```

Terminal1 takes care of launching of most of the nodes, including gazebo environment and navigation stacks.
Terminal2 brings up the decision node: currently only patrol mode is tested
Terminal3 starts the simulation node, which can take shooting command and keep track of hit points or ammunition. 
Terminal4 is supposed to be a weaponry system, equipped with commands issued by decision nodes. The current bare-bone version loops the shooting command to robot 2 on behalf of robot 1. As such, we disabled the ammo count and robot 1 effectively has infinite ammunition, for test purpose.

Also, when run rviz from r1's point of view, we can find a blue ray emanating from r1 toward r2 that indicates r1's line of sight (LOS).
When the r1's LOS is blocked by wall, the shooting will fail to deal damage.

## TODO
* add more functionality
* fix the issue that bullet will shoot through other robots
* integrate armor detection node, which works in simulation now ( thanks Guang)
* check the comments to say some codes that can be improved
